Everything couldn't have been worse! They were in a condition of falling into the grasp of death!
Many kids had perceived the premonition of famine and had been trying to toil with the trauma inside their own mind until now. Now the despair engulfed them completely for some of them started weeping and wailing, dominated by the difficulties of having had to hunt themselves of which they had never once been. While the elder ones had been taking care of the younger one, the eldest led 2 of the toughest kids out to catch food.

"Is this for real? Unbelievable! Where's all the adults? why there are only children?"
Meanwhile in a place known to nobody, someone had been watching everything happened upon the children in the cold Faicerren and whining about their poor situation.
"What was all my efforts for creating thousands of them, had made them have cold resistance and the ability of breath in water and even immune to diseases only to lest extinction? With such abilities of which normal humans are not possessed and now there are literally only 15 children left and facing extinction. "
"May I express my humble opinions?"
Another voice came from the same room with a rather clear and obsequious tone.
"Yes please."
"I suggest that they have been suffering from hunger."
"Why? I clearly put many fish in the water, they could hunt them."
"They used to go into the water to catch fish, but the water is never a safe zone, larger fish, toxic fish etc were prey for those people, resulted not enough food to be brought back. The adults sacrificed themselves in order to reserve food for their kids."
"So they have got predators all the time, I should have noticed it earlier. Now I do notice they still in the barbarian stage! I can't take this! I will not let my time and energies which had spent on creating them to be squandered. By the way thank you for your opinions. "
"Shall I go and help them on your behalf?"
"Not yet, the strongest among them are going out to get food, let just wait for it to see if they can make any difference themselves. But we still need to prepare ourselves just in case they couldn't make it."
They ended their short conversation and both were staring at a screen which showed how the children struggled to catch fish with the utmost eagerness and intense for they couldn't afford any more amiss of the children.

"Why chasing fish so openly with just harpoons, are they don't know how to hunt? At least setup a trap or hide behind the ice!" The one said with a voice sounded more like complaint than ask. It was natural to care about those children for the purpose of watching them was no other than making sure they would prosper in the future.
"I suppose they used to be accepted food from adults and be well protected. Is it not surprise that they appeared to be so incompetent." The other explained with a placid tone as though already knew what would have become of those uninitiated kids.
"Oh they scarcely got one, so close, what a shame!" The one sprang from the seat with two fists clenched just like watching a football match. Without knowledge the kids seemed yet to change their fate of famine. While the other still sitting silent beside, completely closed the eyes and decided to avert the poor situation of the children.
Before minutes had passed came a sadly cry "No! A shark is approaching them from behind!" then a determined command followed, "Coordinate has been marked on the one nearest to danger! Teleport with me!"
In an instant only the screens kept showing the hunting scene from afar before two empty seats. The room is so quiet as if the two people's existence had been a delusion.

"Ouch!" A sound of something out of normal from behind, heralded a sign of unease. The eldest child and the others quickly turned around to inspect the situation. There they saw two strangers had come inside the view out of nowhere, they were unlikely them, both adults. One of the strangers had appeared right into one of the children's companions and had knocked down both the child and the uninvited visitor. The other was holding up the two knocked down and tring to do something to far behind. Across the silhouette of the remained adult, the eldest child became aware of something danger lurking in the water. In a moment so fast to allow the eldest failed to do any expression as a reaction, a fearsome shark was coming their way. All the children stayed numb in the water with eyes and mouths opened at the mere sight of their predator a few seconds delay. Their seemingly imperpetual survival desire seemed to give way to the sudden horror scene for their impotency and inexperienced of imminent danger. At that time in the vicinity of the unprecedented event, there were 2 numbed, 2 knocked down, and only one remained conscious to face the incoming tragedy. The tangible treat charged onward as if its dinner had already secured, however there had always been some obstacles standing in the way of success. A ripple suddenly appeared and rang out pierce through the whole space in just an instant which could even make the well-prepared fighter flinch in both body and mind. It was the shark crushed into an intangible barrier which seemed to appear between predator and its prey. With a few more tries and a chaotic of piercing ripples it finally gave up and swam away sullenly. As for the spectacular salvage hero play, the kids expressions seemed lightened a bit knowing the fact that they had been saved yet still unsufficient for them to gather their minds, except the eldest one, entrusted with the further of all of them.

"A thousand thanks to whoever you are, you are our reverent saviors, how do we own the pleasure?"