This was a icy plain, in contrast to a thriving land here grew no trees, grass, nurtured no animals but fish under the sea. This was the barren land called Faicerren.
Ice and snow presented everywhere, as much as the perpetual freezing wind. surrounded the unyielding thick glacial ground was the ocean of which uncountable fish dwelled. Nothing other than ice and snow on the surface even when one squinted to the farthest but only a vague figure above the thick ice.

The vague figure soon revealed into fifteen small shadows belonged to fifteen kids wading through slick ice, behind them were innumerable tombs scattered all the way as though the forlorn children were left alive alone of a large group. They breathed out hot air which formed small clouds in front of their emaciated bodies. They showed no signs of suffering in cold despite no clothing covered them. They bore no scales as well. They seemed not affected by the cold naturally. The seemingly eldest child was taking the lead with only 2 sacks of fish leading the others approaching to the brim of the icy ground.

They dove into the water without hesitation.
There was a deep blue sea, so deep that no one could see through its depths. Right underneath the icy surface was a gigantic icy mountain approximately thrice the height of the one on the ground, placed upside down attached to the surface as one single ice. Small fish darted around through crevices of the large ice.
They were not even to be scared of water for one bit, and they swarm for such a long time that one would certained that they could breath underwater. Moving in the water so graceful as though they were fish with human appearances had taken place.

Leading all the kids, the eldest one slithered into one of the crevices.
Inside the crevice were caverns, the larger one seemed to serve as attic furnished with rounded ice served as tables and chairs, and harpoons and nets and other tools obviously for hunting fish. This appeared to be their cozy home could hold 50 people, unfortunately only 15 presence as if many had died to empty the space. The smaller one was crowded with 15 beds and an empty barrel waiting for fish to fill in. Although the cavern was made of ice, its thickness was sufficient to prevent large fish to come in.
While watching the tiny fish darted around  casually inside the cavern and a dim light diffused from the sunlight through icy ceilings and feeling the water drifted slowly across their bodies, they finally started to repose themselves freely.
In no time the eldest child opened the 2 sack of fish bags ready to share the food. 

(These are the food we only have, it will be tough in the future but there always a way.)
Thinking of the uneasy reality, the eldest child struggled to refrain facial expression in the hope of the others forget about the plight and have a nice meal.
They all ate their fish raw, no cooking applied. However no matter how hard the eldest one hide the sadness they all looked with the expression of both relief and despair as if they all know it might be their last meal.
They enjoyed their meal silently, solemnly and continued to remain silent as if waiting for something from the eldest among them.
(It is truly painful to tell them the frustrating situation, but they deserve to know it.) 
The eldest one finally decided to put away conscerns and prepared the words.
"Our mas were no more, they had died one by one and will never return to us. The fish we just eaten had been taken from the grave of the last adult whom so kindly to reserved the food for us and rather died by hunger. Though fret not as we have tools to catch fish for ourselves so we can live on. As the eldest and the one entrusted everything by our mas, I will take the lead and we will overcome hardships." said the eldest kid with great courage and determination.
(Actually I don't feel confident because mas wouldn't make it themselves, let alone kids of them. But we still have to try the odds.)
With some qualms in the mind, the eldest among the kids decided to spend the time in the safe home while planned for the hunting tomorrow.