"From next day on, it will be me who is going to tell you about what are you, and the world we are living in, it will be interesting, so please don't be late. Ayè over there will answer all sorts of questions and play with you."
As Dio mentioned, Ayè smiled and waved to the children, showing a friendly posture.

The world had two continents, one thrived for eons, mastered the most of the world for a long time, called the Mainland. The other was Faicerren, only a city's size of the Mainland and engulfed with icy cold air for all time, none had lived in there except a small numbers of humans newly appeared on this world. Two lands are separated by oceans no one had ever explored.
They were one of the humans, who created by Ayè just years ago. Their bodies were the most supreme, having the ability of speaking language fluently right after being born, been able to breathe under water, resisted to the cold, and immuned to any disease. The eldest among children felt a sense of relief by knowing they had powerful bodies. It was plain to see as well, as they were wearing no clothes, that neither were they males nor females. 

The humans living on the Mainland, on the other hands, were quite weak, they could only live on above the earth, easily to get sick, had to wear layered clothes to warm themselves, and more importantly, they had to pair with someone with a different sex in order to have offsprings. Despite their powerless, they grasped knowledge, and turned them into myriad potent tools which compensate for their untalented nature.

"Hey, what's your name?"
Thinking of the riffs Dio has just presented, the thoughts of the oldest child been interrupted by Ayè's voice, the child startled and raised the head and saw Ayè was crouching down and face to face.
"Name? we don't have them, only adults have names."
"Do you mind I name you? How about Alan?" An excitement was shinning through Ayè's eyes. With the nod of the child, Ayè started to smile, appeared to be glad that Alan liked the name.